Copper hammer - A cheap hammer made with 1 copper blocks and 4 copper ingots in a pickaxe shape. Digs in a 3x3 radius. [13 copper total]
	Slightly less speed than an iron pickaxe, but has the somewhat better durability. Considering that it mines 3x3, it won't last long.
Compressed Copper hammer - A far more robust version with the same recipe but significantly increased durability and speed (equal to a diamond
 	pickaxe, but digs a 3x3, so 9x the durability) Still uses copper ingots for the handle. [101 copper total]
Hyper Copper Hammer - An absurdly powerful hammer. As fast and durable as a netherite pickaxe, and digs a 5x5 instead. Uses previous tier for a handle [909 copper total]
Transcended Copper Hammer - Unbreakable, mines a 7x7 at very fast speeds. Uses previous tier for a handle [8,181 copper total]

Copper arrows - Regular arrows but made from copper, uses 2 ingots and a pair of shears.

Compressed Copper tools - Equal to diamond in power and strength, but have the enchantability of gold.
Hyper Dense Copper tools - Equal to netherite in power and strength, and are even more enchantable.
Transcended Copper tools - Unbreakable tools with absurd power.

Compressed Copper Armor - Equal to diamond in protection, but have the enchantability of gold.
Hyper Dense Copper Armor - As good as netherite, minus any knockback immunity, fairly enchantable. Needs the previous tier for a handle.
Transcended Copper Armor - Absolutely stupid protection and toughness. Needs the previous tier for a handle.

Copprification Stack - Takes 3 ingots in a vertical line shape, combine with 6 other ingots to make the next tier. Comes in Compressed & Hyper Dense variants.

All new metals have blocks as well.

[Config]
Ability to disable tiers, but disabling a lower tier disables all higher tiers above it. Disabling a tier disables the golem with it.
Ability to disable golems individually
Ability to adjust golem damage in integer values.

[MAYBE]
Compressed Copper Guardian - A Golem that does not move, and periodically shoots a copper block at hostile mobs it can see. Can be picked up with shift+right click, 
	slowly gets more oxidised as it takes damage, until it eventually dies. (3 and a half hearts of regular damage)
Hyper Dense Copper Guardian - A more powerful version with more health and the ability to 2-shot most hostile mobs with its hit-scan laser (does like 6 and a half
	hearts of magic damage)
Transcended Copper Guardian - An immortal version that can one-shot most hostile mobs. (20 hearts of magic damage)
	All golems (Except for transcended obviously) can be repaired 

[Resources]
Copper - Mined from the ground and smelted.
Compressed Copper - Made from combining a bunch of copper together. (9 copper ingots a piece)
Hyper Dense Copper - Made from combining compressed copper together. (81 copper ingots a piece)
Transcended Copper - Made from combining hyper dense copper (729 copper ingots a piece)

